I previously downloaded the NPM software.
In this case I'm using a Release Candidate 1 version of software you'll be using the full release.
Now that I've downloaded my solutions software I need to get it into my virtual machine.
There are multiple ways of doing this but in this example I'm going to go to VM settings options and
I'm going to create a shared folder something I click ADD and browse to the folder where I downloaded
the software on my physical PC.
Click next click Finish.
I'm going to make this available as a network drive and click OK.
So now in Windows Explorer I have a shared folder and within that I can see my installation file.
I'll now be able to install solar winds NPM on my Windows 7 VM so to install NPM I'm going to double
click on the solar winds NPM executable file.
This fall is once again stored on my physical machine but I'm accessing it via a shared folder.
I'm going to click run the install has been verified and then files are being extracted.
I'm going to click yes to allow the program to make changes to the computer so the solar wins installer
is starting the installation.
Now I'm told that so the windows requires Microsoft to Dot Net Framework version 4.5.
If this version is not already installed so the wins will install the required Dot Net Framework version
before installing your solutions application.
Click install to begin the installation of the Microsoft up NET Framework.
Something to click install to install Microsoft Update.
Now to make sure that you don't get bored with these videos.
I'm going to speed up the installation process save some processes are taking a long time to complete.
I'm going to simply speed them up in the video.
OK so Microsoft stock Knecht has been installed.
I'm now shown to the welcome was it for the Orion network performance monitor software.
So it says Welcome to the install it for Ryan.
Network performance monitor.
Click next to continue.
I'm going to click next to start the installation.
You need to choose your language.
In my case I'm going to select English.
I'm told that Arayan requires Internet Information Services or IOPS but it's not currently installed.
After completing the installation the Orion configuration was it can install ISIS automatically.
Don't want to do this.
Yes I do submenus continue with the Arayan installation the license agreement is then displayed it's
obviously recommended that you read the license agreement before accepting the terms.
I'm going to accept the terms and then click next and then AWST to choose a destination installation
location.
I'm going to stick with the default and click next.
I then need to choose the install type.
Am I going to use an express install which is the recommended way of doing it so fully install Arayan
network performance monitor as quickly as possible.
Or do an advanced installation.
In this case because I simply want to get the software up and running as quickly as possible.
I'm going to go for the express install and click next NPM now supports Kiyoshi or quality of experience
traffic monitoring.
I'm then asked whether I want to install this.
In this case because I want to get it up and running quickly I'm going to select the default values
and enable Chione and click next.
I'm told that the set up has enough information to start copying the files.
If you want to review or change any settings click back if you are satisfied click next.
I'm happy with that so I'm going to click next and start the NPM installation so NPM is installing various
components including Microsoft Visual C++ installation takes a while.
I'm going to speed up the video so that you don't have to wait for the full installation taking place
in real time.
We are told now that the installation has been completed we are now told that the installation has successfully
completed so the database is being set up.
The Web site is being set up.
All services are running and we can launch the web console by checking those checkbox which is checked
by default.
I'm going to click Finish to exit the configuration was it I can then connect to the local host on port
80 787 and then log in to the solar winds.
NPM server noticed by default we can log in with a username of admin and no password to change the admin
password off to log in.
Click Settings manage accounts so I'm going to log in with the default user name of admin and a blank
password.
So at this point I have successfully installed NPM and I can access the console.
The next step is to follow the wizard to discover the network.
But before I do that I need to configure the virtual machine for integration with Jinnah's three.